README.md, before:

 # FrontEnd Project - Full Stack OpenAI

## Project Overview
This project is part of the 2024 RESET initiative and focuses on building a front-end application using OpenAI technologies. The goal is to create a responsive and interactive user interface that leverages AI capabilities.

## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Features](#features)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Installation
To get started with this project, clone the repository and install the necessary dependencies:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/AdPortfolioNode/fullStackOpenAI.git
cd fullStackOpenAI/FrontEnd
npm install
```

## Usage
To run the application locally, use the following command:

```bash
npm start
```

Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:3000` to view the application.

## Features
- Responsive design
- Integration with OpenAI API
- Interactive user interface
- Real-time data processing

## Contributing
We welcome contributions! Please read our [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more information.

Commit message:

Refactor project structure and update dependencies

README.md, after:

# Full Stack OpenAI Project

This project is a full-stack application that leverages OpenAI's API for various functionalities. It includes both frontend and backend components.

## Project Overview
This project is part of the 2024 RESET initiative and focuses on building a front-end application using OpenAI technologies. The goal is to create a responsive and interactive user interface that leverages AI capabilities.

## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Features](#features)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Project Structure

## Installation
To get started with this project, clone the repository and install the necessary dependencies:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/AdPortfolioNode/fullStackOpenAI.git
cd fullStackOpenAI/FrontEnd
npm install
```

## Usage
To run the application locally, use the following command:

```bash
npm start
```

Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:3000` to view the application.

## Features
- Responsive design
- Integration with OpenAI API
- Interactive user interface
- Real-time data processing

## Contributing
We welcome contributions! Please read our [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more information.
